What is Golang?
Go is a high level, general-purpose programming language that is very strongly and statically typed by 
providing support for garbage collection and concurrent programming. 

the advantages of GO:
GO compiles very quickly
Go supports concurrency at the language level
Functions are first class objects in GO
GO has garbage collection
Strings and Maps are built into the language
Golang is faster than other programming languages, which enhances the availability and reliability of services.

Go is an effort to have:

Dynamically typed language and interpreted language
Compiled language and the safety and efficiency of statistically typed
To be fast in the compilation
To support the multi-core computing

the benefits of using Go compared to other languages?
1) Unlike other languages which started as academic experiments, Go code is pragmatically designed. 
Every feature and syntax decision is engineered to make life easier for the programmer.
2) Golang is optimized for concurrency and works well at scale.
3) Golang is often considered more readable than other languages due to a single standard code format.
4) Automatic garbage collection is notably more efficient than Java or Python because it executes concurrently alongside the program.

built-in-support in GO includes
Container: container/list , container/heap
Web Server: net/http
Cryptography: Crypto/md5 , crypto/sha1
Compression: compress/ gzip
Database: database/sql

You can access the command line argument using the os.Args variables.

Golang uses the following types:

Method
Boolean
Numeric
String
Array
Slice
Struct
Pointer
Function
Interface
Map
Channel

Golang doesn't have the inheritance concept. But to support code reuse and polymorphism functionality, 
it provides a composition, embedding, and interfaces.
you can mimic inheritance behavior using composition to use an existing struct object to define a starting behavior of a new object. 
Once the new object is created, functionality can be extended beyond the original struct.

Robert Griesemer, Rob Pike, and Ken Thompson.

List the operators in Golang?
Arithmetic operators
Bitwise operators
Relational operators
Logical operators
Assignment operators
Misc operators
Q11. List data types on Golang?
There are 4 data types in the Go language

Basic type numbers, strings, and booleans
Aggregate type structures and arrays
Reference type slices, pointers, maps, channels, and functions
Interface type

workspace of golang:
“Src” the source file regulated into packages 
“Pkg” package objects are stored in the directory
“Bin” contains executable commands

Is GoLang fast?
Golang’s concurrency model and small syntax make Golang fast programming language, 
Golang compilation is very fast, Go hyperlinks all the dependency libraries into a single binary file, 
as a result, putting off the dependence on servers. 

Go language interfaces differ from other languages. 
In Go language, the interface is a system type that is applied to designate a set of 1 or
 more method signatures plus the interface is abstract, 
 so you are not permitted to create a case of the interface.

 The Go way to implement:

Encapsulation - Go encapsulates things at the package level. 
Names that start with a lowercase letter are only visible within that package. 
You can hide anything in a private package and just expose specific types, interfaces, and factory functions.

Inheritance - composition by embedding an anonymous type is equivalent to implementation inheritance.

Polymorphism - A variable of type interface can hold any value which implements the interface. 
This property of interfaces is used to achieve polymorphism in Go.

Untyped constants
Typed constants



